# Getting Started

Clearbox Wrapper is a packaging tool for machine learning models based on [MLFlow Model standard format](https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/models.html).

Clearbox Wrapper is an agnostic wrapper for the most used machine learning frameworks, with the aim to facilitate the transfer of models between different cloud environments and to provide a common interface for generating output predictions.

The ClearBox API is designed to deploy machine learning models with a focus on model trust and interpretability. In the final product you will be able to
convert your own ML models into a production-ready REST API designed in accordance with the principles of Trustworthy AI.

The packaging process is performed using open source and state of the art libraries such as ONNX and FastAPI which guarantee optimal computational performances.

The augmented API is generated by using our proprietary eXplainable AI libraries. <br/>

This API is designed to:

* Enrich single queries with local explanations of the output, enhancing interpretability of the model decisions. 
Explanations are presented in the form of historical examples, decision rules and local surrogates.
* Create an intuitive feedback mechanism to monitor the model performance over time. 
* Perform robust uncertainty quantification of the model answers to increase trust in each recommendation.
* Perform anomaly detection of live data and report adversarial attacks.

## Disclaimer about this release

The current distribution is conceived as an interactive demo of our tool. The idea is to show how our solution works by providing the user with a number of ready-to-use models that can be imported into our Clearbox APP.

The tool should be already working with any other external model, however we have not fully tested the limitations of the ONNX conversion tool. Please feel free to contact us if you want to try our tool on one of your existing models and you encounter a setup error.

## Features

The library is designed with a focus on computational performance by keeping the computational costs of model interpretability and uncertainty quantification as low as possible. 

This is done by using a probabilistic approach to model the probability distributions of the train and live data. This information is used to reduce the search space for local explanations and to make the feedback interactions more efficient.

## Architectural notes

The library makes use of [ONNX] to take care of the inference model conversion process while the [FastAPI] library is used to build the API. The methods used for interpretability, uncertainty analysis and feedback modules are proprietary.
We are currently finalising a patent application, a technical white paper will be available to the users the moment this process is over.

## Support

If you are having any problem using the ClearBox App or have bugs to report, feel free to contact us by email at [info@clearbox.ai](mailto:info@clearbox.ai)

## Roadmap

We are currently beta testing our product on supervised machine learning models based on structured data. We are planning to extend the tool capabilities to computer vision and time series applications in Q3 2020.

[ONNX]: https://www.onnx.ai
[FastAPI]: https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/